README.md, before:

# 👩🏻‍💻 Júllya Gabrielly
**`Space Data Dev`** 🚀✨

Me chamo Jullya Gabrielly, tenho 21 anos e curso Análise e Desenvolvimento de Sistemas na UniAnchieta. Sou apaixonada por tecnologia, com grande interesse em **programação**, **análise de dados** e **exploração do espaço**, áreas que me motivam a aprender, pesquisar e evoluir constantemente.

---

## 🪐 Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0B3C5D?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=FFD43B)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1B1F3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=F05032)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-2C2C54?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=F37726)

---

## 🌠 Áreas de Interesse

🛰️ Análise de Dados  
🌌 Astronomia & Espaço  
🤖 Programação  
📊 Ciência de Dados  

---

## 🌌 Fun fact

✨ Fascinada pelo universo, dados e padrões — seja em códigos, gráficos ou estrelas.

Commit message:

Update README.md with English translations
Translated personal introduction and areas of interest to English.

README.md, after:

# 👩🏻‍💻 Júllya Gabrielly
**`Space Data Dev`** 🚀✨

My name is Jullya Gabrielly, I am 21 years old and I am currently studying **Systems Analysis and Development** at **UniAnchieta**. I am passionate about technology, with a strong interest in **programming**, **data analysis**, and **space exploration** — areas that constantly motivate me to learn, research, and grow in tech.

---

## 🪐 Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-0B3C5D?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=FFD43B)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1B1F3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=F05032)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-2C2C54?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=F37726)

---

## 🌠 Areas of Interest

🛰️ Data Analysis  
🌌 Astronomy & Space  
🤖 Programming  
📊 Data Science  

---

## 🌌 Fun fact

✨ Fascinated by the universe, data, and patterns — whether in code, charts, or stars.
